Update the 'Projects using Sphinx' page (#12988)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: EXAMPLES.rst

Projects using Sphinx
=====================

This is an incomplete list of projects that use Sphinx for their documentation.

> If you like to be included, please create a `pull request on GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to be included, please create a `pull request on GitHub
```

(or perhaps, "if you would like a project to be included", or something along those lines)

> If you like to be included, please create a `pull request on GitHub

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to add a project, please create a `pull request on GitHub
```

<https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/>`_ or mail to the

> `sphinx-users Google group <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sphinx-users>`_.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps redirect people to a standing GH discussion or issue -- I don't subscribe to 'Sphinx-users' personally.

A

* `PyUblas <https://documen.tician.de/pyublas/>`__
* `seaborn <https://seaborn.pydata.org/>`__

> Documentation using Pydata Sphinx Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation using PyData Sphinx Theme
```
